[ Upbeat music plays ]
[ Wailing softly ]
Okay, are you guys gonna ask
why I look so down, or what?
Sorry dude, I thought that
was your gaming face.
Yeah, mine looks like
a lonely widow
looking out at the waves that
claimed her sea captain husband.
Mine's like half way between
a sneeze and a belch.
Are you gonna
ask me or not?
Oh, sorry, yes.
What's wrong?
[ Wailing ]
You wouldn't understand.
Okay then.
[ Sighs ]
Just kidding,
we're here for you dude.
[ Honk! ]
The only woman I've spoken to
in the last six months
was a farmer's daughter who
wanted me to retrieve her goat.
Sounds like you could milk
that situation.
It was in the video game
we're playing.
Oh.
Did you find the goat,
though?
It's not the point!
Instead of living my life,
all I do is waste it online
raiding orc villages
with a couple of
juvenile dwarves.
Hey, Gisly and Tarquin were very
useful on the last raid!
They just need
to gain more XPs.
I meant you two!
[ Both gasp ]
If I wasn't such a neutral-good
character I would push you
into that lava pit
and steal your loot.
I could start
a new character
and be your girlfriend
in the game.
A dwarf and an elf
can't be in love.
It goes against the lore.
Besides I've already seen
the woman of my dreams.
[ Dreamy music ]
[ Giggles ] Whoa!
I looked everywhere for her,
but she was gone.
She was the one.
[ Whimpers ]
Dude, you know how people say
there's only one love
in their life, and that
if they'd never met them,
they'd have been
alone and sad forever?
Yeah.
That's because
they're married to them
and it would be very
expensive to say otherwise.
Oh, what am
I supposed to do?
[ Computer dings ]
"You have not interacted
with a female player for...
ever.
Meet the love of your life --
download our new app now!"
[ Whispers ]
It's a sign.
No, it's a cynical ad aimed
at desperate people,
but let's be honest,
they've hit their target.
[ Sighs ] Well,
I'll give it a try.
Trawl-reh?
Oh, I've heard of this.
It's called Trawlr.
Trawlr -- why?
I get it!
It's because there's plenty of
fish in the sea and, um...
you, uh, won't catch a --
you won't catch a fish with --
No, no, no...um...
And you need the net
to catch them.
And you need the net to --
Ah! I said it first!
[ Rings ]
Okay, you're gonna need a good
photo if you want to stand out.
This Internet dating thing
lacks romance.
I always thought that
I would meet my girlfriend
by bumping into her
and accidentally
switching briefcases.
Or she runs me over
with her pickup truck,
and while I'm lying in the road,
she gives me CPR,
and when I come round,
she wipes away the dribble,
and we
share a passionate kiss.
How about prison? You got
a rom-com scenario for that?
Why?
You look like the kind of guy
who loves taxidermy
and long walks in the dark.
It's 'cause they're the wrong
angle for a selfie.
Everyone looks awful from
underneath.
You need to go high.
Look.
Ugly -- pretty!
See?
[ Gasps ]
I guess we're gonna have
to do what every teenager
does on the Internet --
filter and crop.
And voilà.
Now it's asking me
to write a bio.
How would you describe
my financial situation?
Tragic?
It also wants to know
my hobbies.
Well?
I like cheese
and Internet memes.
That's gonna be
a hard sell.
Well, how would you
describe me?
I'm a school janitor
who mops the bathroom
and serves slop in the cafeteria
for less than minimum wage.
Just embellish the truth!
Like, uh...
"I work for a nonprofit
organization that saves children
from squalor, disease,
and starvation."
Okay, so here's
how it works --
I get profiles of girls
located in the same town,
and I slide down
when I see the one I like.
If she does the same,
we get to chat.
Whoa!
Ugh! Ugh!
She looks like a puppet
made out of meat!
Her hair looks like it's made
of lots of little hairs!
And what's wrong
with her hands!?
Arrgh, dude!
She's got five fingers!
Slide up!
All: Now we're talking!
Should I slide down?
No, dude!
You need to check out
the market before you park it!
Too tall, too small,
too average-sized.
Aren't they gonna feel bad
being rejected?
Nah, it's all virtual,
no one actually gets hurt.
[ Phone buzzes ]
Aah!
Aaah whoa!
[ Fire ignites ]
Are you sure we're not
being too picky?
You tell me.
This one just sent a picture
of her new tattoo
of Rocky's face...
Ah!
...on her face.
[ Gasps ]
Eugh, slide up.
[ High-pitched scream ]
Ooh! What about this one?!
[ Ding! ]
Ah!
She likes me, she said, "Hey!"
What do I say?!
Quick, I need a pickup line!
Oh, uh, how about,
"Hey, girl, did you know
that when you're in love,
your heart burns
up to a 100 calories
per hour?
Want to go
for a workout?"
Yes! Great!
Type exactly what we say!
[ Quick tapping ]
And send.
"Are you calling me fat?!"
Uh, no, no, no.
Say, "I just meant,
was your dad a baker?"
She says, "Why? Because It looks
like I only eat cake?"
Aah! No, I was gonna say
because you look very sweet!
You pressed send
too early!
Try, "You could
stop traffic."
"I get it.
'Cause I'm such a car crash."
No! Because people would
stop to look at -- Arrrgh!
Try, "Was there
an earthquake, or did you
just walk into the room?
Because you rock my --"
Stop pressing "send" too early,
you dork muffin!
Wait did you just...
"Was there an earthquake
or did you just walk
into the room,
you dork muffin?"
What is wrong with you?!
Okay, okay, I'm trying,
but you're going too fast!
In case you haven't noticed,
it's kind of hard
to text with these!
[ Sighs ]
I give up.
It's like my mom always says,
"Meh meh meh meh meh meh."
What?
I have a face only
a mother could love.
Yeah, well, your mom is
so nasty, she bit a dog
and gave it rabies.
You're still typing aren't you?
Yeah.
[ Phone buzzes ]
Aaaah!
Ow, ow, ow.
[ Phone buzzes ]
On the plus side,
you've got another hit.
Ah!
Okay, this one just has
a picture of a white mask.
Pickup line?
"Are you a combination
of my recent memories
and my childhood traumas?
Because, girl,
you are a dream."
What?
That's what dreams are.
"Meh meh meh meh meh meh meh..."
[ Gasps ]
So?
[ Phone buzzes ]
Aah! Oof.
Meh meh meh meh
meh meh meh meh meh.
Yeah, she rejected you.
Finding love on the Internet
is like spray cheese.
It might taste like cheese,
but it's really bad
for your self-esteem.
What happened to finding love
the romantic way,
like looking at each other
across a crowded room at a party
neither of you are enjoying,
or chasing after someone
before they board their flight
and disappear forever?
[ Sighs ] That only happens
in the movies.
Which you would know
if you could get
a date to go
to the cinema with.
Dude, what did you say the girl
of your dreams looks like?
Like my soul mate.
Ah! That's her!
That's the girl from the mall!
Puppet victory dance.
♪ La la la la la la la
Time to slide down
'cause things are looking up!
Wait.
What?
You just slid up.
What do you -- What?! How?!
I was holding it flat,
the picture was toward me!
You slid the wrong way, man!
Well, slide it back!
You can't!
That's how it works.
If you slide up,
it's over!
[ Dramatic music ]
She's gone.
[ Whimpering ]
No.
Huh?
If she popped up on that phone,
it means she's still in town.
Rocky,
it's time for romance.
Ah?
[ Upbeat music ]
Out of the way, move!
[ Grunts ]
Oof!
[ Baby cries ]
What is wrong with you?!
We're trying to find
the love of his life
before she disappears forever!
Well, if it's in the name
of love then...
[ Baby cries ]
Oof!
What does she look like?
I saw her at the hospital!
Thank you!
Yah!
Aah!
Whoa!
We need to go see
your medical records!
Are you crazy?
That's illegal!
It's in the name of love!
Well, if it's in the name of
love then...
Her name is Brydie,
she lives in the suburbs
with her parents, and she was
born with three ears!
[ All inhale sharply ]
Ah, but she got one
surgically removed.
Meh! Meh!
Help! Thief!
Don't worry it's in
the name of love.
Well, if it's in the name
of love then --
Wait, that car
looks faster.
Oof!
[ Tires screech ]
[ Doorbell rings ]
Arrgh!
Brydie!
What do you want?
Love.
Upstairs, second on the left.
Ah!
[ Grunting ]
No worries.
[ Pop music plays
in headphones ]
Ahhhh?
Aah! Aah!
What are you
doing here?!
He's been chasing you since
you lovingly locked eyes
at the mall, before you
disappeared into the crowd.
He's been on a quest
to find you all day.
He pushed babies
to the floor...
He stole
your medical records...
He jacked a car...
And ran over your dad
when he stood between you.
All in the name of love.
That sounds a little like child
bullying, breach of privacy,
grand theft auto,
battery, and stalking.
Let me rephrase that --
that's exactly what it is!
And for the record, we did not
lock eyes lovingly.
Ahhhh...
Ahhh...
Then why did you hit him up
on Trawlr?
Because the creepy guy
standing
in my bedroom looks
nothing like this!
[ Sighs ]
Wait! Wait.
After everything you've
been through to find me,
I can't just let you
walk away.
Ah?
So...
Rocky: Aw, thanks, man.
It's not the same,
but it'll do for now.
♪♪